test: Make timeout <= 0 infinite duraction (#8250)
mesonbuild/meson: docs/markdown/Reference-manual.md

  environment juggling. *(since 0.52.0)* A dictionary is also accepted.
- `exe_wrapper`: a list containing the wrapper command or script followed by the arguments to it
- `gdb`: if `true`, the tests are also run under `gdb`
- `timeout_multiplier`: a number to multiply the test timeout with.

>   *Since 0.57* if timeout_multiplier is `<= 0` the test has infinite duration,
>   previous versions of Meson were failing the test with a timeout immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  *Since 0.57* if timeout_multiplier is `<= 0` the test has infinite duration,
  in previous versions of Meson the test would fail with a timeout immediately.
```
Writing this in the past perfect feels more natural

- `timeout`: the amount of seconds the test is allowed to run, a test
  that exceeds its time limit is always considered failed, defaults to
  30 seconds. *Since 0.57* if timeout is `<= 0` the test has infinite duration,

>   previous versions of Meson were failing the test with a timeout immediately.

Reviewer: Same thing here.
